Allow Prometheus exporter to add resource attributes to metric attributes (#3761)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/compatibility/prometheus_and_openmetrics.md

In SDK Prometheus (pull) exporters, resource attributes SHOULD be converted to
a single [`target_info` metric](https://github.com/OpenObservability/OpenMetrics/blob/main/specification/OpenMetrics.md#supporting-target-metadata-in-both-push-based-and-pull-based-systems)

> if the resource is not [empty](../resource/sdk.md#the-empty-resource);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if the resource is not [empty](../resource/sdk.md#the-empty-resource).
```

> The resource attributes MAY be copied to labels of exported metric families,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resource attributes MAY be copied to labels of exported metric families
```

> The resource attributes MAY be copied as labels of exported metric families, 
> as defined by an SDK configuration. The target_info metric MUST be an info-typed 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The resource attributes MAY be copied to labels of exported metric families, 
if required by the exporter configuration, or MUST be dropped. The target_info metric MUST be an info-typed 
```
